In this world...
Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
Certainly, thank you.
Excuse me, let me pass, please.
Raise your glass!
Please, make way...
Griffith...
Griffith!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
Tombstone of Flames
Griffith!
Sentry, close down the hall!
Don't allow anyone to leave here!
Griffith!
How easy can this be?
Just think, I'll be making a fortune off this ruse...
More than I could ever make even after ten years of honest toil!
All I have to do is leave town by dawn...
Who knew things would go so smoothly?
It's almost anticlimactic!
Indeed...
And we owe it all to Minister Foss, for plotting such a brilliant scheme!
Truly, your expertise is to be commended!
No, you're too kind.
Well done, Minister Foss.
It is very kind of Your Majesty.
What's the matter?
You do not look well.
I'm sure it's just your imagination.
It's because you're seeing me under candlelight.
Anyway, are you really sure everything's going to be fine?
Because if that waiter is ever apprehended...
...and he ends up confessing...
Our names could very well be revealed!
No need to worry about that, gentlemen.
I just received word from the operative I sent in beforehand...
...that the matter has already been dealt with.
Oh, there is no detail that escapes your guile!
Really, you are quite the strategist!
Your talents are being wasted as a mere minister!
Now then, if you would allow me to go check on the state of the uproar...
At last, dignity will be restored to the army of Midland.
That is certain.
It is ridiculous that a mere mercenary could become White Hawk General!
His example would have put all kinds of ideas...
...into the heads of common soldiers.
We of noble blood, and no one else, should be...
...the ones to assume the pivotal roles in our kingdom's administration.
How could that man of lowly birth presume to...
Inferior subjects have no idea how to govern the kingdom!
Every other county would have considered us a laughingstock!
In any case, you have all toiled for our common goal.
I must thank you.
We are unworthy...
Without your support, Your Highness, none of this would have come to pass!
Now we have ensured the preservation of the noble bloodline.
W-What?
Is that smoke?
It can't be!
Open the door!
What's wrong?
I-It's locked!
What?
Step back from the door!
F-Fire!
What is this?
What is this all about?
G-Griffith!
Why?
The doctor confirmed that you had perished!
Certainly, it appeared that way to you.
Because I arranged things to that end.
What?
It was not poison that you saw me drink.
It was a secret potion with henbane, which induced a brief comatose state.
Of course, an overdose would have killed me...
But it was well worth risking my life...
...since I was able to trap you all in one fell swoop!
H-Help me!
I just happened to be summoned by the queen and Minister Foss!
I had nothing to do with it!
Hold your tongue, you fool!
I suppose you are all...
...too used to sitting at your desks, thinking up your little plots.
This is a war.
There are no grandstands on the battlefield.
You swine, Griffith!
Do you intend to kill me?
Do you think that a man...
...of lowly origins like you can burn me, the queen of the Midland, to death?
I won't allow it!
I do not admit defeat!
On the battlefield, one does not die royalty, a nobleman...
...or a commoner.
You die as the loser of the battle.
It's all over...
What's the matter with you?
A man of your stature.
Surely this is not an uncommon thing to occur within the court.
Are you afraid?
Because you betrayed your own comrades?
Or perhaps... because you lent a hand in murdering the queen?
I'd like to ask you one thing...
How did Your Lordship know about our plot?
I didn't know about it.
But then... why did you approach me?
I predicted you were going to become my enemy on that morning...
...before I was last sent to the battlefield.
That was when...
You saw my eyes...
And I knew that you would no longer tolerate my existence in the court.
H-How did you...
Because in that moment, I could see that your eyes were clouded with fear.
When one is confronted by something he finds to be truly frightening...
...he realizes that it is impossible to ignore it.
In such a situation, he has one of two choices...
Either to submit to its control, thereby ensuring his own protection...
...or to annihilate it, thus eliminating the terror he harbors.
I was aware certain people in the court were offended by my presence.
I just couldn't pinpoint who they were.
But I knew how shrewd of a man you are.
I was certain you'd rally the others and convince them to eliminate me.
However, I never imagined the queen would join the intrigue...
This is unbelievable!
His eyes just met mine for a moment!
Have I been dancing to his tune ever since then?
Now I know why I can't stop myself from trembling.
Not because I betrayed my comrades or took part in the queen's murder.
It's because of this man...
It's because I am terrified of this man!
This contract sealed with your blood... We can do away with it now, no?
There should be no ill will between us if we are to have a successful future.
Hopefully, there will only be peace and friendship, wouldn't you agree?
Now, come along, Minister...
It is time for me to return something to you, as promised.
Elise!
Father!
Thank goodness you're all right! You're safe now!
Enjoying the poignant reunion scene, sir?
Well, abducting her was no small task.
We checked that kid's entire lesson plan a week beforehand...
And snatched her as she set off in a carriage.
We treated her courteously while she was in our care, as you wished.
You did a good job.
Here is the rest of your reward...
Oh, great!
Anytime you need something, just let us know.
From now on, we only desire a good relationship with you, sir.
Well, we are off.
What a cinch!
I've never had such an easy job. I want to work for him again!
No problem... If he ever decides to cut our connection, we'll blackmail him...
...with the dirt we have!
Who is it?
Who the hell are you?
It seems to be finished...
Yeah...
...it's taken care of.
Everything.
Still, who knew these men would lose their lives for a handful of coins?
Leave the money on them as it was.
They earned it, after all. That's their rightful share.
They did the amount of work they were paid for.
Money opens all doors... ...I see.
But is it safe to let that man go?
He must have learned his lesson after today's events...
Maybe... Hey... Maybe?
If something happens, I'll take care of it when the time comes.
Still, you can bet there's going to be another huge uproar over this.
So many dead bodies piling up, now even the queen's. All in just one night.
But no one would imagine that the man who was supposed to die...
...was the one pulling the strings.
Tell me, do you find me vile?
I made you an accomplice in such a dastardly plot...
...while never getting my own hands dirty.
I left all of the dangerous and difficult tasks to you alone...
So tell me, do you think I am a vile man?
You're asking someone who's slaughtered a hundred men.
Kind of late to be wondering, don't you think?
You're just following this path so you can realize your dream, right?
You believe that, don't you?
So what's all this you're talking about now?
You're right... Now, let's go back!
A dead man like you shouldn't hang around here all night.
You've got to keep Casca and the others from worrying too much.
Yeah...
You didn't notice since you were dead, but Casca wore a dress for the party.
Really?
And it was definitely a sight worth seeing!
Gri...
...ffith...
Griffith!
Are you all right?
Griffith, Griffith...
I'm sorry I distressed you, Casca.
We had no idea what was going to happen!
Ever since you collapsed, Casca's been in a state of shock...
I am sorry.
You look pretty in that dress.
Just as the Tudor Empire conceded to an armistice signing...
Who on earth did this?
Perhaps someone who is plotting against the armistice signing.
It must be reactionaries from Tudor!
Otherwise, there is the possibility of an assassin sent by a third country.
How foolish they are...
It is quite unforgivable to disturb our long-awaited peace...
Snow...
Guts...
And you wouldn't believe the way that woman was acting!
Casca, where are you going this late?
Why is she in such a rush?
She's running to the bathroom, I bet. It's such a cold night...
Guts!
Guts...
You're...
Are you leaving?
Are you?
Wait a minute.
You and I have our differences, but...
We've hovered between life and death together, remember?
All our hard work as the Band of the Hawk is just starting to bear fruit now.
This is just the beginning for us, don't you see?
So how can you...
I've already decided.
But...
I don't...
I don't want to live like this, buried in his dream...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Separation.
It is unavoidable for anyone who decides to follow his own path.
Invaluable friends and countless dreams...
When one forsakes everything, will it bring happiness or sorrow?
The wheels of causality are now truly beginning to turn.
Separation